---
title: Children, ours and theirs
date: '2025-06-14'
---

The children, the children, the children. The wellbeing, the wellbeing, the wellbeing. The children, the children, the children. The tensions, the tensions, the tensions. The children, the children, the children. The fear, the fear, the fear. The children, the children, the children. The conflict, the conflict, the conflict. The children, the children, the children. The nation, the nation, the nation. The children, the children, the children. The attack, the attack, the attack. The children, the children, the children. The retaliation, the retaliation, the retaliation. The children, the children, the children. The fleeing, the fleeing, the fleeing. The children, the children, the children. The drones, the drones, the drones. The children, the children, the children. The targets, the targets, the targets. The children, the children, the children. The bombs, the bombs, the bombs. The children, the children, the children. The troops, the troops, the troops. The children, the children, the children. The modern strategy, the modern strategy, the modern strategy. The children, the children, the children. The tanks, the tanks, the tanks. The children, the children, the children. The defense, the defense, the defense. The children, the children, the children. The hunger, the hunger, the hunger. The children, the children, the children. The fear, the fear, the fear. The children, the children, the children. The illness, the illness, the illness. The children, the children, the children. The warfare, the warfare, the warfare. The children, the children, the children, the children. The dead.
